feat: Add cocoa performance docs (#3261)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/performance/enable-manual-instrumentation/apple.mdx

```swift {tabTitle:Swift}
// Transaction can be started by providing, at minimum, the name and the operation
let transaction = SentrySdk.startTransaction(

>   name: "test-transaction-name",

Author: All samples and descriptions were copied over other SDKs documentations (mostly .NET), with the snippet converted to swift/objc. 

I will remove any reference to test in the samples.

>   name: "test-transaction-name",

Reviewer: Thanks

```swift {tabTitle:Swift}
import Sentry;

// Transaction can be started by providing the name and the operation
let transaction = SentrySdk.startTransaction(
  name: "test-transaction-name",
  operation: "test-transaction-operation"
)

// Transactions can have child spans, and those spans can have child spans as well.
let span = transaction.startChild(operation: "test-child-operation")

// ...
// Perform your operations
// ...

span.finish(); // Remember that only finished spans will be sent with the transaction
transaction.finish(); // Finishing the transaction will send it to Sentry
```

```objc {tabTitle:Objective-C}
@import Sentry;

// Transaction can be started by providing, at minimum, the name and the operation
id<Span> transaction = [SentrySdk startTransactionWithName:@"test-transaction-name" 
                                                 operation:@"test-transaction-operation"];

// Transactions can have child spans (and those spans can have child spans as well)
id<Span> span = [transaction startChildWithOperation:@"test-child-operation"];

// ...
// (Perform the operation represented by the span/transaction)
// ...

> [span finish]; // Mark the span as finished
> [transaction finish]; // Mark the transaction as finished and send it to Sentry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[span finish]; // Remember that only finished spans will be sent with the transaction
[transaction finish]; // Finishing the transaction will send it to Sentry
```
